README.md, before:

# Media Automation Tools

A collection of scripts designed to automate video transcoding and media library management using [HandBrakeCLI](https://handbrake.fr/).

## Scripts

### 1. Python Batch Converter (`hb_batchconvertvideos.py`)
A cross-platform (Python 2.7+) script for batch-converting video files into a standard MP4 format.

- **Features**: Automatically crawls a directory and converts common formats (`.avi`, `.mkv`, `.mov`, etc.) to MP4 using the Handbrake "Normal" preset.
- **Dependencies**: Requires `HandBrakeCLI.exe` located at `C:\Program Files\Handbrake\HandBrakeCLI.exe`.
- **> [!CAUTION]**
  > This script **permanently deletes** the original source file upon successful conversion.

### 2. PowerShell Media Manager (`ConvertM4V.ps1`)
A Windows-focused script tailored for home media servers (e.g., Microserver setups).

- **Features**:
  - Handles conversion from network shares.
  - Checks for existing movies in the destination library to avoid duplicates.
  - Moves original files to `Converted` or `Duplicates` folders instead of deleting them.
  - Uses the `AppleTV` preset by default.
- **Dependencies**: Configured for a specific `Microserver` environment; requires paths to be updated in the script header.

## Prerequisites

- [HandBrake Command Line Interface (HandBrakeCLI)](https://handbrake.fr/downloads2.php)
- Python 2.7 (for the Python script)
- PowerShell (for the PS1 script)

Commit message:

Cleanup repository: remove unrelated media scripts and update README

README.md, after:

# Plaud.ai to Google Drive Automation

This project automates the process of saving Plaud.ai summary emails and their recording attachments to a specific folder in Google Drive.

## Features

- **Gmail Search**: Automatically finds emails from `PLAUD.AI <no-reply@plaud.ai>` with `[PLAUD-AutoFlow]` in the subject.
- **Markdown Conversion**: Saves email content as a Markdown file with the format `YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM [Subject].md`.
- **Attachment Handling**: Saves recording attachments with the same timestamp prefix as the Markdown file.
- **Drive Filing**: Places all files in the `Filing Cabinet/Plaud` directory on Google Drive (creates it if it doesn't exist).
- **Archiving**: Automatically removes processed emails from the Gmail Inbox.

## Structure

- `gmail_mcp.py`: Gmail MCP server with tools for searching, downloading, and archiving.
- `drive_mcp.py`: Drive MCP server with tools for folder and file management.
- `plaud_automation.py`: The coordination script that runs the automation.

## Setup

1.  **Dependencies**:
    ```bash
    pip install mcp google-api-python-client google-auth-oauthlib google-auth-httplib2
    ```
2.  **Credentials**: Place your Google Cloud `credentials.json` in this directory.
3.  **Run**:
    ```bash
    python3 plaud_automation.py
    ```

## License
MIT
